Project overview
The current challenge API works and solves a lot of problems we had with syncing data between Informix, Postgres,
Dynamo, and ElasticSearch, but at the cost of code and architectural complexity and the syncing isn't exactly right all the time.
Also it is difficult to run locally as there are a number of dependencies, and running it also involves
potentially having to have VPN access to a Topcoder AWS account, which isn't possible if we ever wanted to work on it
with members.

So, we are aiming to revise the challenge API to reduce the complexity on the dependencies.
We need to remove dependencies on Informix, Dynamo, and ElasticSearch and use Postgres with Prisma ORM as the sole backend database.
After getting the Prisma schema created, we should remove the DAL / gRPC dependencies completely and update the existing code to just use prisma instead of saving/retrieving from ES/OS.

In order to achieve the above goal, we have updated the code in challenge Topcoder Challenge API: Update Code for Prisma Schema and updated Swagger and have written Data migration tools in challenge Topcoder Challenge API: Data Migration Tool to Postgres

The goal for this challenge is to Add field for "challengeSource".

Individual Requirements
We need a field to indicate the source of the challenge, like if it was launched from Work Manager, Topgear, Github, etc...

This would be an optional string text field (doesn't need to be an enum) at the root level of the challenge object. We can call it something like
challengeSource
.

Make sure this
challengeSource
is handled properly when creating/updating/searching/deleting challenge related APIs.

Please see: https://github.com/topcoder-platform/challenge-api-v6/issues/9

Code
Challenge API code repo: https://github.com/topcoder-platform/challenge-api-v6/tree/develop
Unit tests
Unit tests are not in scope for this challenge, but any existing tests are expected to pass as they do now - we can't break any tests that are currently passing.

Code quality
Please make sure you're following the code base quality & standards. Do not refactor/modify or start a new code styling.

Submission
Your submission should include:

A patch file against the develop branch of Challenge API, hash a970a228f49d3a755855839a1416a3df1f079b9f or later
A comprehensive README that covers the deployment and configuration of the code (if any configuration changes were required)
A validation markdown file that covers how you tested the new project functionality
L